adjust_workers: 3 uses
apply_brasilia_filters: 1 uses
apply_dev_mode_filters: 2 uses
apply_padding_batch: 1 uses
calc_muni_area: 2 uses
calculate_blocking_stats: 1 uses
chunk_string_match: 1 uses
clean_agro_cnefe: 2 uses
clean_cnefe10: 5 uses
clean_cnefe10_efficient: 1 uses
clean_cnefe22: 9 uses
clean_inep: 2 uses
clean_text_for_geocodebr: 3 uses
clean_tsegeocoded_locais: 9 uses
cleanup_controllers: 6 uses
combine_state_panel_ids: 1 uses
configure_targets_options: 1 uses
convert_coord: 4 uses
create_and_select_best_pairs: 4 uses
create_and_select_best_pairs_optimized: 1 uses
create_crew_controllers: 10 uses
create_data_quality_monitor: 1 uses
create_municipality_batch_assignments: 2 uses
create_municipality_batches: 1 uses
create_panel_dataset: 4 uses
create_panel_municipality_batches: 1 uses
create_two_level_blocked_pairs: 4 uses
create_validation_report: 2 uses
create_validation_report_target: 2 uses
create_word_blocking_keys: 2 uses
ensure_quarto_path: 2 uses
export_geocoded_locais: 2 uses
export_geocoded_with_validation: 1 uses
export_panel_ids: 2 uses
export_panel_ids_with_validation: 1 uses
extract_significant_words: 25 uses
extract_words_and_fragments: 4 uses
filter_by_dev_mode: 1 uses
filter_data_by_municipalities: 1 uses
filter_data_by_state: 2 uses
filter_geographic_by_state: 2 uses
finalize_coords: 3 uses
find_shared_word_pairs: 2 uses
generate_validation_report_simplified: 1 uses
get_adaptive_chunk_size: 13 uses
get_agro_cnefe_files: 1 uses
get_cnefe22_schools: 2 uses
get_crew_controllers: 1 uses
get_expected_municipality_count: 2 uses
get_expected_municipality_range: 2 uses
get_muni_codes_for_states: 1 uses
get_pipeline_config: 1 uses
get_predictions: 2 uses
get_report_output_files: 1 uses
get_states_for_processing: 2 uses
import_locais: 8 uses
initialize_crew_controllers: 5 uses
make_model_data: 3 uses
make_panel_1block: 8 uses
make_panel_ids: 2 uses
make_tract_centroids: 2 uses
match_geocodebr_muni: 1 uses
match_inep_muni: 11 uses
match_schools_cnefe_muni: 3 uses
match_stbairro_agrocnefe_muni: 2 uses
match_stbairro_cnefe_muni: 4 uses
match_strings_memory_efficient: 16 uses
monitor_memory: 2 uses
monitor_resource_usage: 6 uses
normalize_address: 47 uses
normalize_school: 19 uses
prefilter_by_common_words: 1 uses
print_controller_status: 3 uses
process_agrocnefe_stbairro_batch: 1 uses
process_chunk: 3 uses
process_cnefe_state: 4 uses
process_cnefe_stbairro_batch: 2 uses
process_geocodebr_batch: 1 uses
process_inep_batch: 1 uses
process_panel_ids_municipality_batch: 2 uses
process_schools_cnefe_batch: 2 uses
process_stbairro_match_batch: 1 uses
process_string_match_batch: 1 uses
process_year_pairs: 2 uses
read_cnefe_chunked: 1 uses
render_sanity_check_report: 1 uses
route_task: 7 uses
simplify_address_for_geocodebr: 1 uses
standardize_column_names: 16 uses
train_model: 2 uses
validate_cleaning_stage: 9 uses
validate_final_output: 1 uses
validate_import_stage: 18 uses
validate_inputs_consolidated: 1 uses
validate_merge_simple: 1 uses
validate_merge_stage: 7 uses
validate_output_stage: 9 uses
validate_predictions_simple: 1 uses
validate_prediction_stage: 8 uses
validate_string_match_stage: 14 uses
